this is strychnine 60 seconds you're
spectacular guide to all this fine
singing action from the weekend
this week's are hocus-pocus of Halloween
entered strictly we had some wicked
performances I loved it judges
spellbound your hold all the way for
your top line was beautiful your feet
were light you're precise so there was
no messy transition but there were some
routines that would have even scared the
boogeyman Halloween nightmare to 1992
page for me he didn't have the impact
that we should have had the footwork for
me was a little bit haphazard I was then
nervous when you're going into this I
don't think gyros gave their everything
but it was sitting all her and Colin and
Christina we found themselves in the
devilish dance-off with Craig dollfie
and Bruno all those things for Sid and
Allah to leave it was time to say
farewell to another Street couple as our
remaining dancers head back to the
rehearsal room you can keep up to date
with all the gossip from the home of for
room right here at BBC co uk